# Stock_Price_prediction
Unpredictable nature of a financial exchange makes it an unpleasant water to endure. Share market projection is an exhausting errand by virtue of uproarious, varying and turbulent information. The value of a share depends upon many subjective factors, there is no predefined formula or rule that can determine its value in future. Conventional models with simple time series analysis cannot provide an algorithm that can justify this unusual conduct in Stock price. These algorithms neglects to consider the impact of Global events on Stock price. An algorithm design must take in account Sentimental Analysis of global events along with international commodities. This research studies the effect of various features on stock price prediction and Designs a model that considers these features to predict stock price. Long Short Term Memory algorithm is used to construct a model for prediction of opening value of Crude oil. The models are evaluated using Mean absolute error, Root mean square error and R-square value. Open Price model considers past 60 days opening price of crude oil to make prediction for each day. Crude Oil Model considers opening, closing, volume, high and low price of crude oil for past 60 days to predict the opening price of next day. Commodity Model considers past 60 days data of different global commodities like gold, silver, euro-dollar conversion rate, Standard & Poor’s 500 and Dow jones industrial average along with crude oil to make prediction. Commodity and Sentiment Model uses sentiment analysis of global events or News along with commodity model to make prediction. Commodity and sentiment Model outperforms the rest, it was able to predict the opening value with a Root mean square error of 5.74 and Mean absolute error of 4.75. This research shows the importance of sentimental analysis of global events while predicting stock price.
